♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Ryder] "Pups save Christmas."
[sirens blaring]
[gasps]
Wow! Santa's sleigh! I can't believe it.
Rubble, we need you to dig it
out of the snow bank.
Then Rocky can lift it
so we can take a look at the damage.
-Let's dig it!
-I'm on it!
We'd better hurry
or there's not gonna be
a Christmas this year.
I'll get my truck.
Shovel! [barks]
[whirring]
Stand back! I'll dig it out!
[barks]
Nice work, Rubble!
Okay, Rocky. Take it up!
[barks]
[whirring]
Okay, let's have a look.
The crash broke one
of the sleigh's runners off completely.
[sniffing]
Hang on!
[grunting]
We can't use this anymore.
We'll have to replace it.
See what you have on the truck.
Hmm…
[Rocky] What's missing up front here?
That must be
where the magic Christmas Star goes.
This storm is getting worse.
We'd better fix this in a hurry.
[goggles whirring]
[gasps]
I spotted a bag!
Looks like Santa's!
Can you pups pick it up?
Chase is on it.
Uh-uh, Marshall's on it.
Not if I get there first!
-[sirens blaring]
-[tires squeal]
[barking]
I've got this one.
Ladder up! [barks]
Whoa! Whoa!
[grunting]
[gasps]
-[grunts]
-Net! [barks]
[whirring]
[Chase] Got the gifts!
-Whoa!
-[Chase] Oh!
Missed the pup.
Sorry, Marshall.
I'm good. The presents are safe.
Let's find the rest.
I knew these old skis
would come in handy someday.
Nice, Rocky. This will work great.
[sirens blaring]
Whoo-hoo, Ryder!
Check out all the presents we found.
It's like Christmas.
[laughs] It is Christmas, silly.
Oh yeah.
Good thing the gifts have names on them.
There's a lot to deliver.
Okay, Skye, you and Marshall
can drop gifts down chimneys.
Zuma, you can deliver the gifts
to Seal Island.
And hurry!
You got it, Ryder!
[barking and laughing]
Chase, can you round up the reindeer?
Yes, sir, Ryder, sir.
[sniffing]
They went that way!
No, wait! They went this way.
Huh?
[sniffing]
How many reindeer are there again?
-Eight.
-[groans]
That's a lot of reindeer.
[sniffing]
Tracks!
Huh?
Bingo! Wait, that's not a reindeer.
I mean, uh, Blitzen?
[bells jingle]
Comet? Uh… come Donder! Cupid!
Vixen?
Prancer?
Yes!
You're Prancer!
Santa needs to put tags on you guys.
Bull's-eye!
[snarls and hisses]
[meows]
[purring]
[whirring]
[wind blowing]
[shivers] More snow?
The storm's picking up again.
I hope Santa finds the magic star soon.
Presents for Mayor Goodway.
Well, here goes.
Whoa!
Oof!
[grunts]
Ow!
How does Santa do it?
-[gasps]
-[clucking]
[sighs] Chickaletta, shh!
Don't wake up the mayor, okay?
-[clucking]
-Look, here's a present for you.
[clucks]
Merry Christmas.
[grunting]
[whirring]
Done! [barks]
All fixed! [sighs]
Except for the magic Christmas Star.
Without that star, the sleigh won't fly.
-I hope Santa's found it.
-[beeps]
[Santa] Ho, ho! Hello?
Hi, Santa. It's Ryder. Good news.
-We fixed your sleigh.
-Yay!
And the pups
are delivering all the presents.
Fantastic! [chuckles]
You are all permanently
on my Nice List.
But I still haven't found
the magic Christmas Star.
And if I don't find it, well,
Christmas will be ruined.
[wind blowing]
Uh-oh.
If he doesn't find the star,
there'll be a lot
of disappointed boys and girls tomorrow.
And pups.
Hmm…
Wait! I have an idea!
The Santa Tracker,
it should show where the magic star fell.
Watch.
[yelps]
If I zoom in
before the sleigh disappears…
The star must have landed in
Farmer Yumi's yard.
Let's roll!
Hope I make it to Cap'n Turbot's
before that storm comes back.
Huh?
[gasps]
[Wally barks]
[barking]
Wally, I have to get to the island
before I get snowed in.
[barking]
[sighs]
Please? I have to deliver these presents.
[barking]
Oh, I get it. Hang on.
[sniffing]
[barks]
Merry Christmas, dude.
It must have landed
around here somewhere.
[grunting] I don't see it!
[cow moos]
Maybe Bettina saw it! Where is she?
[moos]
[gasps] She's up there!
[Ryder] It's the star!
It's making her fly like a reindeer!
How will we get her down from up there?
[moos]
Bettina! [whistles]
Fresh hay! Come and get it!
[moos]
I'll grab it.
Claw! [barks]
[whirring]
[Ryder] That's it, Rocky!
We got it!
I'll call Santa.
I hope it's not too late
to save Christmas.
We've got the star
and it's safe and sound.
Ho, ho, ho!
I knew the PAW Patrol would save the day!
We'll meet you at the sleigh.
Bye, Santa.
[Santa] See you there, Ryder!
Santa's on his way.
We're gonna meet Santa?
[both] That's… so… cool.
Where's Chase?
Santa will need his reindeer.
[barking]
Not that way, this way.
Hey, wait! Come back!
How about
a little Christmas cooperation here, gang?
That's better.
Oh no, not again.
Megaphone! [barks]
[whirring]
Attention all reindeer!
Very good.
Now please move forward
in an orderly fashion.
Now that's more like it.
Wait for me!
Guys?
[barking and cheering]
Ryder, my sleigh looks perfect!
Except for one missing piece.
I hope it still works.
Ho, ho, ho, ho! The magic star!
I don't know how to thank you, Ryder.
I was afraid for the first time ever
Christmas was ruined.
But you and the pups saved it.
Anytime, Santa.
Whenever you're in trouble,
just "ho, ho, ho" for help.
[chuckles] I will, Ryder. I will.
[grunting]
[laughing and cheering]
It's so beautiful.
I've always wanted to sit here!
Me too! "On Comet, on Cupid…"
"On Donder and Blitzen!"
"Dash away, all!"
[all cheering]
Ho, ho, ho!
The reindeer always go
when they hear "dash away, all."
[cheering]
-Whoo-hoo!
-Wee!
Yay!
-Whoa!
-[all] Whoa!
Whoa! How do you fly this thing?
-[Chase] This is fun!
-[Skye] Hi, Santa.
Careful, pups.
-Wow! We're flying in Santa's sleigh!
-[whistles]
[laughing]
Ho, ho, ho!
It sure looked like you pups had fun!
But now I need to get a move on.
I'm behind schedule!
Dash away, all! Ho, ho, ho!
Ho, ho, ho!
[all] Merry Christmas, Santa!
Merry Christmas, PAW Patrol,
and thank you!
[whimpering]
I guess Santa didn't have time
to bring our presents.
Presents? Who needs presents?
I got to be a Santa pup.
Yeah! I got to ride on Santa's sleigh!
And we got to meet
the big, jolly dude himself.
And saved Christmas for the whole world!
This is the best Christmas ever.
[yawns] You sure are good pups.
Now, let's get some sleep.
It's almost Christmas morning.
-[cheering and barking]
-[Skye] Yay, Christmas!
Come on, Ryder. It's Christmas.
Look! Look!
-Santa came! Santa remembered!
-[gasps]
-Can we open them?
-Can we?
-[all] Yeah!
-[Rubble] Christmas!
Wait, wait, wait.
Ryder first.
-Okay.
-Yeah!
-Ryder first.
-Yeah, Ryder first!
We picked it out just for you.
[chuckles]
Aw… It's perfect.
-Mmm, that looks great.
-Wow, I wish I could have that.
-Mmm, smells great.
-Tell you what, pups,
you have it. Merry Christmas.
[all] Merry Christmas, Ryder!
[theme song playing]